Welcome everyone to this section on understanding artificial neural networks a large part of this section
of the course is going to focus on the theory behind many of the ideas that we're going to implement
with code later on.
So we basically have the first half of the section which is pure theory lectures.
And then the second half where we actually begin implementing these ideas of code.
Let's do a quick review of how we're going to gradually build an understanding of artificial neural
networks through some discussion about theory so the first half of this section is really just theory
topics.
We're gonna begin by discussing how we build a simple perceptual on model which essentially is our copy
of biological neuron through mathematics and then we'll connect that to the larger idea of full neural
networks and then we'll discuss a lot of ideas that fall underneath a neural network things like activation
functions cost functions and then this particular section The course focuses on just general feed forward
networks.
And in order to understand a feed forward network need to understand how it actually learns through
back propagation.
So the first half of this section is all these theoretical topics.
Once we have a solid understanding of these fundamental ideas behind neural networks we'll be able to
move on to the coding topics and we'll begin the coding topics by talking about the caris syntax API
which is the main API now for a tense flow 2.0 or two point X and then once we understand that care
syntax we'll show you how to build artificial neural networks with carrots for different types of supervised
learning tasks such as regression and classification.
So we'll first start off with some basic datasets and then we'll move on to more realistic datasets
and a big part of these lectures is actually going to be exploratory data analysis as well as feature
engineering.
Once you have a good understanding of how to perform regression and classification tasks with the cares
API for tensor flow too then we'll move on to having some exercises for Care's artificial neural networks.
Then once we do that we'll visualize our neural networks and their performance through the tensor board
capabilities.
OK let's get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.